docs: alert rule history (#100378)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/monitor-status/view-alert-rules.md

  - ../../alerting/alerting-rules/rule-list/ # /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/alerting/alerting-rules/rule-list
  - ../../alerting/manage-notifications/view-alert-rules/ # /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/alerting/manage-notifications/view-alert-rules/
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/monitor-status/view-alert-rules/

> description: View alert rules, view alert rule versions, and restore previous alert rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: View alert rules, and their versions.
```

Reviewer: we should not mention the restore in this pr

{{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/view-alert-rule-list-with-actions.png" max-width="750px" alt="View alert rule state and alert rule health in Grafana Alerting" >}}

For details on how rule states and alert instance states are displayed, refer to [View alert state](ref:view-alert-state).

## View, compare, and restore previous alert rules

To view previous alert rules for an alert, complete the following steps.

1. Navigate to **Alerts & IRM -> Alerting -> Alert rules**.
1. Select an alert rule and click **View**.
1. Click the **Versions** tab.  
  The page displays a list of the previous rule versions. 
  

>   On the Alert rule's Versions page you can view the previous rule versions, or compare previous rule versions. To compare previous rule versions, select the checkboxes next to the rules you are comparing and then click **Compare versions**.  To restore a previous rule, click **Restore**.

Reviewer 2: Just to be clear - you can only compare two different versions.
Also, the restore functionality will be behind a feature toggle until it's fully developed and rolled out (then the flag will be set to on by default and removed)

Reviewer: I think we need intermediate docs for until we have the restore functionality done.
So, now, we can announce the comparing action only, but not the restore. @JohnnyK-Grafana

Author: @soniaAguilarPeiron / @tomratcliffe / @ppcano 
i just made the updates per the suggestions above, minus the screenshot. 
is there a dev environment that reflects ongoing work where i can grab screenshots of the current dev work, or is it best to just ask for screenshots?

Reviewer: it seems that the release was rolled back.  We will have it on ops soon. 🤞

{{< figure src="/media/docs/alerting/view-alert-rule-list-with-actions.png" max-width="750px" alt="View alert rule state and alert rule health in Grafana Alerting" >}}

For details on how rule states and alert instance states are displayed, refer to [View alert state](ref:view-alert-state).

> ## View and restore previous alert rules

Reviewer: we should remove the restore word in this PR

> ## View and restore previous alert rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## View alert rules versions.
```

To view previous alert rules for an alert, complete the following steps.

1. Navigate to **Alerts & IRM -> Alerting -> Alert rules**.
1. Select an alert rule and click **View**.
1. Click the **Versions** tab.  
  The page displays a list of the previous rule versions. 
  

>   On the Alert rule's Versions page you can view and restore the previous rule versions. To restore a previous rule, click **Restore**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  On the Alert rule's Versions page you can view and compare the previous rule versions.
```
